WOLF HOPKINS 

Linkedin.com/in/wolf-hopkins-zevrov/ | (860) 819-6996 | wolf.hopkins@gmail.com 

Professional Summary 

Skilled Full Stack Web Developer with sizeable experience in centralized application development strategies, user interactions, back-end website applications, code quality, computer aided development systems, and creating front-end website architecture. Considerable experience in system security, computer aided development systems, machine organization, ensuring responsiveness of applications, designing API's, and collaborating with cross-functional teams. Continually exceeds expectations by building strong relationships and works well with people at all levels of the organization including stakeholders, staff, and customers. 

Skills 

Developing Front End Website Architecture 

User Interactions & Back-End Website Applications 

Ensuring Responsiveness of Applications 

Centralized Application Development Strategies 

Managing Project Workflows & Roadmaps 

Cross Functional Team Collaboration 

Designing API's & Meeting Consumer Needs 

Technical Concepts & System Solutions 

System Security & Code Quality 

Computer Aided Development Systems 

Machine Organization & Computer Engineering 

Excellent Verbal & Written Communication 

Technical Skills 

Languages – Java, C, Python, Javascript, Nodejs, Flask, Angular, React, HTML, CSS, SQL, Postgresql, Graphql 

Tools – AWS, Git, Bitbucket, Jira, Jenkins, Command Line Interface, Bash Scripting, Oracle, Agile Methodologies 

Work History 

Full Stack Web Developer 	 01/2022 to 01/2023  

Two Fish Creative – West Palm Beach, FL  

Providing software solutions to clients, maintaining client facing web portals, and managing cross-functional projects. 

Efficiently developing/designing full stack applications in Typescript, React, and Python as well as reviewing code changes. 

Leading team and design meetings, investigating/fixing software bugs, and reviewing coworker's design specifications. 

Modifying software to fix errors and adapting systems to new hardware to improve performance or upgrade interfaces. 

Consulting with engineering staff to evaluate software/hardware interfaces and develop performance requirements. 

Addressing all technical challenges, supporting client goals, and investigating and resolving various production issues. 

Directing system testing/validation processes, software programming, and documentation development procedures. 

Designing software systems using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measured outcomes. 

Full Stack Web Developer 	 01/2020 to 12/2020  

Sikorsky – Stratford, CT  

Developed a program that loaded databases in the development of real use seed data entries from xml/csv documents. 

Supported client facing web portal with Angular, completed API development techniques, oversaw bug fixes, and migrated databases. 

Prepared reports on programming specifications, activities, and status as well as conferred with project managers. 

Led and managed the creation, testing, deployment, and maintenance of internal and consumer facing websites. 

Performed quality assurance, tested for websites/new product releases, and provided recommendations to clients. 

Identified, prioritized, performed, implemented, and sustained all system improvement activities and strategies. 

Worked to find methods to reduce variation to improve system consistency and to further center system requirements. 

Managed system design by analyzing data and selecting the significant factors and interactions to reduce subjectivity. 

Data Coordinator 	 06/2018 to 08/2018 

Draft Kings – New York, NY  

Developed efficient workflows, tallied correct scoring following LIVE procedures, and collaborated with e-sports team. 

Adhered to legal and regulatory standards, transformed data upon request, and translated data into different languages. 

Maintained data om storage devices such as servers, flash drives, and external devices to meet compliance requirements. 

Prepared data for meetings, ensured data was adequately backed up, and aided staff with data entry methods/tasks. 

Ensured the proper sorting/organizing of database and took extra security precautions when handling identifiable data. 

Used SQL and similar software to run data queries, maintained data integrity/security, and adhered to data guidelines. 

Instructor 	 03/2018 to 05/2018 

Zaniac's – Greenwich, CT  

Effectively provided exceptional customer service to parents/students while tutoring young students in STEM subjects. 

Developed, taught, and maintained lesson plans for the program and assessed student performance to facilitate goals. 

Supported academic achievement and facilitated social opportunities that created a learning culture to further curiosity. 

Created an environment which engendered diversity among students by accommodating an inclusive community. 

Promoted all-round well-being for students, supported diversity, and encouraged students to think outside of the box. 

Established and maintained rapport with students and developed tutoring schedules to allow for advanced learning. 

Projects 

Todo Database Integrated App (Flask App) 

Asteroids Remake 

Education  

District Arts + Education – 2019 to 2021 

Full Stack Software Engineering Certification 
